Configure Metallb artifacts on a guest cluster for BM and non BM (#6409)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/config_metallb_bm.adoc

You must use a load balancer, such as MetalLB. The following example shows the steps you can take to configure MetalLB after you install it. For more information about installing MetalLB, see _Installing the MetalLB Operator_ in the {ocp-short} documentation.

> *Note:* Perform the following steps on your guest cluster.

Reviewer: I would not make this a note. I expect to prompt the user for the steps
```suggestion
Perform the following steps to configure MetalLB on your guest cluster:
```

. Create a `MetalLB` resource by saving the following sample YAML content in the `configure-metallb.yaml` file:

> +

Reviewer: reminder to add the type of source the example is. For example, `[source,yaml]`
